Well, thank you very much, Commissioner. And thank you, Dr. Chan. A variety of different things
to talk about today, we're talking a lot about data. We haven't done a real kind of a data download and
data update in a little bit. And Dr. Chan was touching upon some of those key aspects of data, specifically
data that is focused on New Hampshire, and that's focused on our current situation, because, as everyone
knows, through the pandemic, we see these ebbs and flows through whether it's our numbers, our
percent-positive, whatever it might be, economic data that we look at.
 So, just to focus on the things that we most highlight, here's just a sampling, if you will, of four key
datapoints. I think there's a fifth one that Dr. Chan mentioned which is the number of cases per 100,000.
That's another very key one. It's about just over 50 right now, about 53 per 100,000 across the State.
 But, again, this is kind of our average seven-day positivity rate. We're doing so many more tests.
That's one of the reasons we're seeing so many more positive cases, means a lot more positive cases,
means a lot more contact tracing, to be sure. It's also the time of year we expected those numbers to rise.
But the percent-positivity, as dictated by the CDC, is obviously a key factor, because it keeps it all relative.
If you're doing more testing and you're likely going to see more positivity, but the percent-positive is a
real key indicator for what's happening in your community.
 Our total active cases today is 531. It used to be well-into the thousands. It's gotten as low as I
think a couple hundred at one point. And now it's at about 531. So this is a very important number,
because this gives you a sense of the amount of contact tracing that our team constantly has to do. And
knowing that there's so many contacts per positive case, it gives a sense of really that amazing team effort
behind-the-scenes to get folks quarantined.
 Our active hospitalizations, we've always talked about hospitalizations being a very, very
important statistic. If you go way back into March, when this whole thing began with the pandemic, the
real issue was making sure our healthcare system did not get overrun, making sure our healthcare
system could manage the needs for those who had the most severe symptoms, whether it's needing
ventilators or other medications, and other services, within a hospital setting.
 Again, this number used to be well-over 100, 120 at one point. We have about 14 active
hospitalizations. We expect it to tick up, as well as our numbers tick up over in the fall. But the good
news is we have thousands of beds of capacity here is New Hampshire, currently. And so, we're in very
good shape in terms of being able to meet the need that the pandemic may have for those with the most
severe symptoms.
 And then, unfortunately, our total fatalities which we always say, everyone is a tragedy. There are
a lot of sad stories and a lot of families out there where those numbers make a huge impact. Relative to
the rest of the country, we've been able to manage in fairly good shape. But we're always keeping an eye
on that fatality rate and that hospitalization rate.
 Moving on past the direct -- oh, sorry. We have our percent. Oh, yeah, we remember this chart,
the percent-positive chart. I forgot we had this. So this is where we're early on. This goes all the way
back into the early days of the pandemic, back in April. March and April, you see our percent-positive
rate was up in the 15%, 20% on any given day. And as you can see, since about June 30th, we've been well-below 5%, down right now at 1% or even slightly below 1%.
 And if this number starts to really creep up, other States have seen a 4%, 5%, 6%, 7%, 8% percent
positivity. You're seeing that in other parts of the country. And I think at those levels that's where we
will start getting quite concerned in terms of making sure that all the other pieces of the puzzle, whether it's the hospitalization, the testing capacity, the contact tracing, making sure that all those are working.
It's like a watch. Everything really has to work in conjunction to make sure that you're getting the right
output.
 But as you can see, our testing is just through the roof. We're hitting multiple days where we're
doing well-over 10,000 tests a day. But the percent-positivity rate remains at or below 1%, which is a
very good thing. You couldn't ask for anything better, frankly.
 Economically, what's our next slide? Just I want to stay on-track here. Okay. So the
unemployment rate, this is a good one. We talk about this chart. A lot of folks have seen this before. This
is where we were just pre-COVID. We got down to 2.4% unemployment just before COVID hit in
late-February. And then, obviously, we had to make some very, very tough decisions, restrict folks
around the economy, around different business sectors, putting a lot of guidance and regulations in place.
We defined essential and nonessential businesses.
 And then, the strategy was to create these guidance documents, ease the economy open at the
right rate. Be careful that we're watching it, making sure we were very data-drive in what we were doing,
and making sure we were moving with what we call consumer confidence. We wanted the citizens of the
State to understand what we were doing and why so they would have the confidence to reengage with
the economy, whether it's in retail shopping or hotels, or restaurants, whatever it might be, just going out
to the convenience store, hospitals, making sure folks were reengaging with hospitals.
 So, as we did that, obviously a lot more folks started to get back to work and back to normalcy,
whatever that looks like. And as of, I think, this past week-or-so, we're at about 4.1% unemployment,
which is just quite phenomenal, frankly, given where we were, where we've come, and such a year. It's
been, as you can see, quite a rebounding year for us, all very, very good data, to be sure.
 Okay. So now, one of the things we wanted to also focus on is the areas that have been most hard
hit: restaurants and hotels, hospitality, if you will. These are the areas that have been most hard hit by
the economy for a variety of different reasons.
 A few datapoints we really looked into was the meals and rentals tax. And those numbers
continue to be below expectations, to be sure, but slowly coming back, month-over-month. That's a very
good thing.
 We did look over a lot of data over the last six years. And one of the questions I had was how
many businesses are closing? How many businesses are closing today versus other years? So this is
some pretty interesting data and nothing I'd ever really looked at before.
 In 2020, so far this year, 357 businesses that traditionally would collect meals or rooms tax for
hotels and restaurants have closed, unfortunately, 357. Last year, that number was 479. And the year
before that, it was up around 517.
 So amazingly, I'm very pleasantly surprised. I think we all should be. The number of business
closures in the hardest-hit areas is down this year. I think it's a testament to flooding so much of our
CARES Act money into the economy, everything from the Main Street Relief Fund to what we've been able
to do with our guidance documents, like we said moving with consumer confidence. The dollars around
the nonprofits, the dollars we put around self-employed, all of those grants that have gone out, very
unique to the State of New Hampshire, but all of those grants that have gone out have allowed folks to
retain their jobs, keep the economy strong. And so, folks are able to go out and get takeout at a restaurant
or actually go to some of the outdoor seating venues at a restaurant, maybe even go up to the White
Mountains and stay a couple days in a hotel in a safe and sound way. And so, all very, very good news, to
be sure. To give another interesting datapoint, we didn't do a chart on it. But if you look at the number of
businesses that actually collected room and meals tax -- not the closures, that was the closures that have
clearly come down -- but in February there are about 5,000 businesses collected meals and rentals tax.
And by April, I think that number had dropped to about 3,000. Folks just stopped collecting the tax. They
didn't know if their business was going to be able to survive.
 As we've come through the summer, those numbers have rebounded right back to where they
were at February levels. We now are back up to having about 5,000 businesses collect meals and rentals
tax, meaning they're open. They're viable. Doesn't mean they're thriving by any means, we know their
revenues are down. And their COVID costs may be up. But they are surviving economically, which is a
great sign.
 And that's what 2020 is all about making sure that we're not just getting by and accepting the
losses, but really injecting a lot of that CARES Act stimulus, if you will, back into the economy to make
sure that the jobs are there. And when 2021 comes, which I think we're all waiting for desperately, we're
really coming out strong. And I think we're very much poised to do that.
 So all very good economic data, and next we will have some even more. I think we're looking at
revenues and what's happening at the State level, State budget. We will have some information on that
next week, as we kind of dig into that data. But we're just doing very, very well. I don't want to say
surprisingly, but, yeah, it is surprising, given where I thought where we would be today.
 And moving on, I want to talk a little about schools. We get a lot of questions in the Governor's
Office about where the schools are. We know we have COVID cases with students in our K-12 schools. So
when we talk about schools as opposed to the universities, this accounts for approximately the 450
maybe even 500 or 600, when you add in all the different schools, charter schools and private schools,
and things of that nature, all of the K-12 schools that we have throughout the State.
 Right now, about 47% of them are fully in-person. They're back in five days a week in a
fully-learning model. They have a lot of their new guidance documents in place, which is good, and a lot
of their restrictions. But there are about 47% of our schools are back in.
 About 37% are in some sort of hybrid-learning model. That usually means they're in for a couple
days. They're out for a couple days. Maybe there's a day-or-two highlighted for the school to do some
extra cleaning, to making sure that the kids are in a very healthy and safe environment.
 And then, about 14% of our schools are fully remote. They have not closed, but gone to a
fully-remote learning model where all the students fulltime are at home in some sort of learning model.
The good news is all schools are in a learning model. No one is going without that. But that gives a sense
of the ratios that we see out there.
 And this is just a way to thank a lot of the Teachers and the parents, and the students. They've
done some amazingly hard work to manage through COVID, to manage with the new guidance
documents.
 One thing as we always say, if schools need more dollars, we are here. We're not going to let cost
be a barrier to allowing schools the opportunity to let those kids come back into class. We know how
important it is for students to come back into class. And we've been very successful with it.
 And as I started out by saying students do have COVID, I mean, there are cases of COVID. But, as of
today, there are no outbreaks, zero official outbreaks in our K-12 schools. I think we have a cluster in one
of the elementary schools, but no official outbreak. And that's good news. It doesn't mean we're not
going to have them. But we are prepared. It can be managed. And I think through the first six weeks of the schoolyear, a lot of these schools that have remained
either in a fully in-person model, or a hybrid model, have shown that it can be done successfully. It can be
done smart. And again, it's not without a lot of extra effort, to be sure. And I think a lot of the folks at the
local level deserve a lot of credit for making that happen and making sure those kids can come in and get
the best out of their learning models.
 Another focus of ours since the very, very beginning is childcare. In March, we created the
Childcare Recovery and Stabilization Program that provided funding and support for COVID-19-related
costs within the childcare or daycare community. This included things like operations, workforce, health,
and safety support for the childcare programs. And we invested about $28 million early on to this.
 Our State childcare centers, they obviously play a hugely important role through this pandemic,
allowing parents or other caregivers to actually reenter the workforce in various aspects, whether it's in
healthcare or just making sure they can provide for their family. Childcare and daycare is just a huge,
huge part of the puzzle to be successful economically and successful for a lot of the families.
 The program that we've put out, that $28 million, was a very big success. But we know there's
more need. There's more need today and there's going to be more need down the road. Therefore, we're
announcing today an additional $10 million effort of financial support for those daycare centers that
were part of the Childcare Recovery and Stabilization Program. So we're kind of adding in. We've talked
to a lot of the folks on the ground, on the frontlines. And we're making sure that we're going to continue
to be there for them.
 The program is administered by the Department of Health and Human Services. It has a very
simple, again, one-page Application. We're really tried to make it very, very easy for folks to apply into
this system. The Applications are open and the deadline to apply is through November 6th. So childcare
centers have a few weeks to apply for these funds, figure out what their costs might be. And again,
anything that is COVID-related in that world can be recovered, which is great.
 And again, our childcare centers have been there since the very beginning. We never shut them
down. We never closed them down. We provided some guidance. We provided some flexibility. And
they've been very successful, both providing that opportunity for families and keeping the kids safe,
which is obviously of paramount importance here in New Hampshire.
 Before we close out, just two more quick things, we do have a variety of open funds. I just always
want to remind people that we do have a lot of open funds with our CARES Act funds, whether it is the
agriculture funds.
 Last week, we announced the Live Venue Relief Program, which is a $12 million fund we just
created to support performance venues facing revenue loss due to COVID-19. One of the reasons that we
singled out some of these performance venues is that talking to some of the larger companies nationally,
as well as locally, some of these large national acts are not coming back any time soon. It really could be
into the third or fourth quarter of next year before you see that world pick up.
 But the same time, many of these venues are just economic cornerstones in their communities. It
could be the SNHU Center. It could be the Palace of Fine Arts in Manchester. It could be the Capitol
Center. It could be Meadowbrook, a variety of different areas, the Casino Ballroom down in Hampton.
These are all great venues. They're economic cornerstones. And if they were to go bankrupt, if they were
to disappear, they likely aren't opening for quite some time, not even next year.
 So, to enable to keep them viable, to keep folks employed, and through the extra-long economic
downturn that they're likely going to face, we did create this fund that they can apply into. Those
Applications are still open through Tuesday, October 13th. And again, you can go to the GOFERR site, That's where all of our funds are for any of the economic-relief funds that we've
been able to provide. And we just encourage everyone to go in and check it out. There's an opportunity
in there for just about everyone across the State.
 And then, I'm going to open it up for questions, but I have a non-COVID-related item that we do
want to talk about today. Today, the State drought conditions, we hear about the drought all the time.
But, every Thursday we update the drought expectations and the status, if you will, across the State.
 And as we unfortunately had to update today, our conditions continue to worsen. Now 20% of the
State of New Hampshire is in what is classified as extreme drought status, with 95% in what we call
severe drought status.
 So in response, I've talked to a lot of folks, individual citizens that their wells are going dry.
They're having trouble actually getting water from their traditional water sources. So in response, earlier
today I spoke with Senator Morse from Salem, who's in charge of the New Hampshire Drinking Water and
Ground Water Trust Fund. Chuck Morse has done a great job and he's really led the biggest clean
drinking water investments in the State's history over the past two years. They've done a phenomenal
job.
 He and I spoke about helping the citizens who are facing these challenges, as their wells dry up.
And so, in working with Senator Morse, I'm going to formally ask Commissioner Bob Scott of the
Department of Environmental Services to submit a formal request to that Drinking Water Commission to
set up an emergency trust fund to help create new water wells and new resources for some of our
hardest-hit citizens.
 I was out a lot this past week talking to businesses and homeowners. I was up in the small Town
of Warren, beautiful town, by the way. I was up there and a lot of their wells are simply dry. Dug wells
have to be turned into drilled wells. That can cost a lot of money, thousands and thousands of dollars to
make that opportunity happen.
 But we do have money in our Clean Drinking Water Trust Fund that Chuck has led the efforts on.
And so we're going to ask for some of those dollars to be moved to an emergency fund so we can just
open up the opportunity for some of those citizens to re-dig or redrill their wells and making sure that
clean drinking water is available to everyone in the State of New Hampshire.
 I know that was a lot. We appreciate everyone for bearing with us. When we try to compact
everything into one press conference a week, it can be a little bit hefty. But I tell you, we're in good shape.
One thing that Dr. Chan and I were talking about is, while our numbers continue to rise, I think they are
going to continue to rise.
 We can manage through it. But folks really have to take both wearing their masks, social
distancing, washing their hands, all those basic things that we have done very, very well for the first
seven, eight months through this. If we keep it up, there's no reason we can't make sure that we can
continue to manage through what could be some of the toughest times to come.
 But we're in good shape, whether it's the PPE we have, the incredible amount of testing that we
have available. As we open things up, I think we can do it smart. And obviously the economics are
showing that we're on a good track to be able to manage and get people back to work. With that, we can
open it up for questions. 